i
to be the star of the attentive night
to this video we will see how in 5
Simple steps to get a smoky eye
perfect
We start by applying the black pencil
all the contour of eyelashes
we are blurring and we create the base in
smoked cream
let's also start at the bottom
of the eye and the pegadito to the eyelash
we blur everything up and down and a
Once the pencil has faded, we turn to
apply the eye shadows we apply the
light shade number 19 in the arch of the
eyebrow
not now we fill the whole eyelid
mobile with the black shadow insisting
especially in the contour of the
eyelashes this is the area of ​​greatest
intensity once we reach the basin
of the eye with a little product that already
remain use the go blurring
we also mark with the black shadow in
the lower line of the eyelid
and entradito to the eyelashes and
finish we apply black pencil inside
of the eye
that now we apply double layer of
eyelash mask we do a little bit
of zig zag that we combed to fix and we have
upwards
we apply the black pencil in all the
eyelash contour
we blur with the shadow brush of
eyes we also mark in the part
lower we also determine in the
bottom part and we're going to apply the
eye shadows first the most clarita
the shadow number 19 in the arch of the
eyebrow I want to fill the entire eyelid
mobile with the black shadow let's go
applying to patches existing in the
birth of the lashes and up
get to the eye socket
we are blurring when we reach the basin
of the eye and we also mark the part
lower eyelash with the brush
beveled we apply black pencil inside
Of the eye
I had a mascara layer
let's apply the mascara
with zig-zag movements and at the same time
combing and to complete the look let's go
to apply a very natural lip can be
a glitter or a lip in nude tone
you imagined making a smoky eye
it was so easy to encourage you to try it